Although the expression double star acquired is very strange to pronounce quarks, it is very practical
to use because it goes one step further to star args.
Its correct pronunciation is key word args.
This already gives us an idea of the type of data it works with.
If we talk about keywords, we talk about dictionaries.
Now let me explain it to you.
The declaration of the key word args in functions is similar to that of the args.
You write the word between parentheses and here the expression keyword.
ARGs is also a convention.
The system would accept that you write any word on the condition that is preceded by two stars together.
Anyway, I recommend again that you use keyword args respecting conventions.
If our function expects to receive keyword args, this means we can write as many arguments as we want
as with the ARGs.
But in addition, we can also give a name to the arguments that we enter when calling this function.
Thus being able to access them inside the function through a dictionary and obtaining the complete item
or only its key or its value.
You will see this in practice as well as the way we mix args with keyword args.
Let's go over to the code.
So the first thing I'm going to do is demonstrate that the keyword args work with dictionaries.
We'll do this by defining some again, but this time we'll be using two asterisks and the keyword keyword
args.
A colon.
And what our function will do here is print the type or whatever thing we pass as keyword args.
Then we'll name this function some in which we will pass three compound elements in the form of a dictionary.
For instance, X equals three, y equals five and Z equals two.
As you can see, this is not really a dictionary.
It's between brackets.
They are arguments passed with inequality value without a colon.
The variable names are not between quotation marks.
That is, they're not strings.
Actually, they are pairs consisting of a name and a value.
This is not a dictionary, but once I execute it, a function will convert it into a dictionary.
As you can see, what I get is a thick data type.
That is a dictionary.
Although it wasn't that before.
Now it is a dictionary.
This is a way of explaining what we're doing with the keyword arguments.
Now we're going to see how they really work.
We'll keep this declaration and the list of items.
And now we'll create a function that can go through each one of the values and keys we have here so
as to see them printed on the screen.
So what it's going to do is for each key and value of the group of elements that are inside the keyword
args dot items.
Remember, they're dictionaries now, so we can access to the elements, keys and values.
For each, this function will print a string literal that says key.
It's equal to value whatever there is in each iteration for the tuple we originally have here.
So let's execute it and we'll see that we have x equals three, y equals five and z equals two.
In a more organized way.
So this worked.
So what if I want to add up the values apart from showing the groups here?
Well, I could add a variable named total to the beginning of my function starting at zero, then hereafter
printing each line will make it so that the total is equal to its value, plus the number that's inside
the value.
And finally, we'll also need this function to return the total so as to see it on the screen.
So I do so.
And we'll also need for some to be inside the print so that the total is also printed.
So let's execute it.
And now we have the same as before plus ten, which is the result of adding three plus five plus two.
So this is correct.
So this is how we use keyword arguments.
We use them to pass elements consisting of a key and a value so that they can determine what to do with
each of them.
Add them up, use them, show is the name of the variables that contain those values.
There are many possibilities.
So what follows now is to learn how to merge normal arguments args and keyword args into one function.
In other words, a function that can have definite arguments, such as when we pass number one.
Number two.
You know, that kind of variables as well as receive asterisk args and double asterisk keyword args.
Let me tell you, I've typed them in the right order.
This is not random.
First the normal values, then the args arguments.
And lastly, the keyword args.
And what will our function do with all of this?
So let's change this a bit so we'll no longer need total.
And first, let's make it print whatever there is in value, number one.
So we type a string literal that says the first value is we call and then put number one, let's copy
this line so as to do the same with the second normal argument, which will be number two.
And here I'll say that the second value is number two.
Then we want a full loop to show us that each of the arguments the user passes through the invocation
of this function.
We'll do this by using a for loop that for each argument in arguments prints a string literal that says
arg equals arg.
So this will work.
And remember, the first arg is just a string since it's written between quotation marks and the second
ARG is the invocation of the variable since it's written between curly brackets.
So this will show us each argument the user has passed.
Finally, we're going to use this second loop to show us what's in these keyword arguments here.
We just need to delete this last line since we don't need total for this example and we'll make the
user pass some here.
Well, this name doesn't make sense anymore, but we'll leave it just as it was.
Okay.
Now we'd better do the right thing.
We'll name this function test, and when calling it down here, we'll also name it.
Test.
Readability is paramount for Python lists.
All right.
First, we'll pass a couple of normal arguments to test these correspond with number one and number
two.
Let's put 15 and 50.
Then we'll pass several arguments and the amount we want.
So I'll pass one, two, three, four, ten.
Whatever you want.
The system will recognize them as asterisk args because it has already read the first two normal arguments
we have here.
So in order for the system to know what comes next, that is the keyword argument will start typing
elements containing name and value.
For example, x is equal to between quotation marks the word one.
Then we'll have Y with value between quotation marks two and finally z with the value between quotation
marks three.
These are just strings to show variety.
So what happens if I execute this?
Well, the first value is 15.
The second one is 50.
Then 100, 200, 304 hundred.
And finally, x equals one.
Y equals two and Z equals three.
Thanks to how I structured the parameters I passed.
Normal arg or keyword args.
The system has been able to determine their type and identify them perfectly.
Another trick I want to teach you is the fact that you can also use the asterisk of args and keyword
args to unpack tuples lists or dictionaries.
Suppose that instead of having this invocation with so many values, I had a list of ARGs that contained
all of these values.
We put them here but will enclose them in a list.
And also I have keyword args that contains a dictionary where we'll have x which we need to type between
quotation marks this time colon the word one.
And after this the second value also between quotation marks y colon two as a string.
Then the third value which will be z colon the word three.
And now we can delete all of this and just let test pass both normal arguments.
So will this work?
Let's execute it and see.
So it didn't work because it only asked for the two normal arguments.
What we should add here is that it also asks for asterisks args, which is the name of the first list.
Comma, asterisk, asterisk, keyword args which is the name of this dictionary.
So if we execute it now, it will show us everything we had because we were able to unpack them one
by one.
Thanks to the asterisk we put in the name.
So here I could have put dogs, cats, books, anything I wanted.
And it would have worked either way if I'd put the same word here.
So I hope this doesn't get harder for you to understand.
We have some exercises for you to practice, so I hope you can make the most of them and remember to
ask questions.
That's why we have the Q&A section, as this may get a little complicated, but we're always here to
help you.
So let's keep going.
This is getting harder yet.
Funny.
See you soon.